{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Is that you, Christy?\
It is, Ma'am.\
I thought the hinny was familiar. \
How is your poor mother?\
No better, Ma'am.\
Your daughter then?\
No worse, Ma'am.\
Why do you halt? \
But why do I halt?\
Nice day for the races.\
Perhaps it is. \
But will it hold up?  \
Will it hold up?\
I suppose you wouldn't be in need--\
Hist! \
Surely to goodness that couldn't be the \
up mail I hear already?\
Damn the mail.\
Oh thank God for that!\
I could have sworn I heard it, \
thundering down the track in the far distance. \
I suppose you wouldn't be in need \
of a small load of \
dung?\
Dung? \
What class of dung?\
Stydung.\
Stydung . . . \
I like your frankness, Christy. \
I'll ask the master. Christy.\
 \
Yes, Ma'am.\
 \
Do you find anything . . . \
bizarre about my way of speaking? \
I do not mean the voice. \
No, I mean the words. \
I use none but the \
simplest words, \
I think, \
and yet \
I \
sometimes \
find \
my \
way of speaking very . . .\
bizarre. Mercy! - What was that?\
Never mind her, Ma'am, \
she's very fresh in herself to-day.\
Dung? What would we want with dung, \
at our time of life? \
Why are you on your feet down on the road? \
Why do you not climb up on the \
crest of your manure \
and let yourself be carried away? \
Is it that you have no head for heights?\
Wiyya ta hell out of that!\
She doesn't move a muscle.\
I too should be getting along, \
if I do not wish to arrive \
late at the station. \
But a moment ago she \
neighed and pawed the ground.\
And now she refuses to advance. \
Give her a good welt on the rump.\
 \
Harder!  \
 \
Well! If someone were to do that for me \
I wouldn't dally.\
 \
How she gazes at me to be sure, with her \
great \
moist \
cleg-tormented \
eyes! \
Perhaps \
if I were to move on,\
down the road, \
out of her field of vision . . .  \
 \
No, no, enough! \
Take her by the snaffle and \
take her eyes away from me.\
Oh this is awful  \
 \
What have I done to deserve all this, \
what, what?  \
So long ago . . . \
No! No!  \
"Sigh out a something something \
tale of things, Done long ago\
and ill done."  \
 \
How can I go on, I cannot. \
Oh let me just flop down \
flat on the road like a \
big fat jelly out of a bowl and \
never move \
again! \
A great big slop \
thick with grit and dust and flies, \
they would have to scoop me up with a shovel. \
 \
Heavens, there is that \
up mail again, \
 \
what will become of me!  \
 \
Oh I am just a \
hysterical old hag I know, \
destroyed with sorrow and \
pining and gentility and \
church-going and fat and rheumatism \
and childlessness  \
 \
Minnie! \
Little Minnie! \
Love, love is all I asked, \
a little love, daily, \
 \
twice daily, \
 \
fifty years \
of twice daily love \
like a Paris horsebutcher's regular, \
what normal woman wants affection?\
A kiss in the evening, near the ear, \
and another at morning,\
peck, peck, \
till you grow whiskers on you. \
There is that lovely laburnum again. \
\
\
Pardon me if I \
do not doff my cap, \
I'd fall off. \
Divine day for the meeting.\
Oh, Mr. Tyler, \
you startled the life out of me \
sneaking up beside me like that \
like a deer-stalker! \
Oh!\
I rang my bell, Mrs. Rooney, \
the moment I spotted you \
I started tinkling my bell, \
now don't you deny it.\
Your bell is one thing, \
and you are another. \
What news of your daughter?\
 \
fair \
 \
fair \
 \
they removed \
everything \
the whole . . . \
er . . . \
bag of tricks \
Now I am \
grandchild-less\
 \
Gracious how you wobble! \
Dismount, for mercy's sake, \
or ride on.\
Perhaps \
if I \
were \
to place\
my \
hand \
gently\
on your shoulder, \
Mrs. Rooney, \
how would that be?  \
Would you permit that?\
No, Mr. Rooney, \
Mr. Tyler I mean,\
  \
I am tired \
of light old \
hands on my shoulders \
and other useless places, \
sick and tired of them. \
Heavens, \
here comes Connolly's van!  \
 \
Are you all right, Mr. Tyler?  \
Where is he?  \
 \
Aah \
there you are!  \
 \
That was a narrow scrape\
I alit in the nick of time.\
It is suicide to be abroad. \
But what is it to be at home?\
A lingering dissolution. \
Now we are white with dust \
from head to foot. \
I beg your pardon?\
\
Nothing, Mrs. Rooney, \
nothing \
I was only\
cursing, \
under my breath, \
God and man, \
under my breath, \
and the wet \
Saturday afternoon of my \
conception. \
My back \
tire has gone out again. \
I pumped it \
hard as iron \
before I went out. \
And now \
I am on the rim.\
Oh what a shame!\
Now if it were the front \
I would not so much mind. \
But the back. \
The back! \
The chain! \
The grease! \
The brakes! \
The gear! \
No! It is too much!\
 \
Are we \
already late? \
I have not the \
courage to \
look at my watch.\
Late! \
I on my bicycle \
as I rolled along was\
already \
late \
now therefore we are \
doubly \
late \
trebly \
quadrupedly late \
would I had shot by you \
without a word\
 \
Who are you \
going to meet?\
Hardy  \
We used to climb together  \
I saved his life once  \
I have not forgotten it\
Let us a halt a moment and this \
vile dust \
fall back upon the \
viler worms.\
 \
What sky! \
What light! \
 \
Ah in spite of all \
it is a blessed thing \
to be alive in such weather \
and out of hospital\
Alive?\
Well half alive shall we say?\
Speak for yourself\
I am not \
half alive \
nor anything approaching it \
What are we standing here for? \
This dust will not settle \
in our time \
and when it does some \
great \
whirring \
machine will \
come and blow it all \
sky high again\
Well, shall we be getting along \
in that case?\
No\
Come, Mrs. Rooney--\
Go, Mr. Tyler, \
go on and leave me, \
listening to the cooing of \
the ringdoves \
 \
If you see \
my old blind Dan \
tell him I was \
on my way to meet him\
when it all came \
over me again, \
like a flood. \
Say to him, \
Your poor wife, \
she told \
me to tell you it all came \
flooding over her \
again and she  \
simply went back \
home \
 \
straight \
back \
home \
 \
Come \
Mrs. Rooney \
come \
the mail has not yet gone up \
just take my free arm \
and we'll be there \
with time and to spare.\
 \
What?\
  \
What's all this now? \
Can't you see Im in trouble? \
Have you no respect for misery? \
Minnie! \
Little Minnie!\
Come \
Mrs. Rooney \
come \
the mail has not yet gone up \
just take my free arm \
and we'll be there \
with time and to \
spare.\
  \
Mrs Rooney ...\
About forty now she'd be \
I don't know, \
fifty...  \
 \
girding up her \
lovely little loins \
getting ready for \
the change ...\
 \
for the change...\
 \
Will you get along with you, \
Mr. Rooney, \
Mr. Tyler I mean, \
will you get along with you now \
and cease molesting me? \
 \
What kind of a country \
is this where a \
woman can't \
cry her eyes out in the \
highways and byways \
without being molested \
by retired \
bill-brokers! \
 \
Heavens, \
you're not \
going to ride her flat! \
You'll tear your tube to ribbons! \
 \
Venus birds! \
Cooing in the night\
all the long \
summer long.  \
 \
Oh cursed corset! \
 \
If I could only \
let it out, \
without indecent exposure. \
Mr. Tyler! \
Mr. Tyler! \
Come back and unlace me \
behind the hedge! \
What's wrong with me, \
what's wrong with me, \
never tranquil, \
seething out of my \
dirty old pelt, \
out of my skull!\
Oh to be in atoms, \
in atoms! \
ATOMS!\
 \
Jesus!  \
Jesus!\
\
Is anything \
wrong, Mrs. Rooney? \
You are bent all double \
Have you a pain in your stomach? \
Well, if it isn't \
my old admirer \
the Clerk of the Course \
in his limousine\
May I offer you a \
lift, Mrs. Rooney? \
Are you going in \
my direction?\
I am \
we all are  \
How is your poor mother?\
Thank you \
she is fairly comfortable \
We manage \
to keep her \
out of pain \
That is the great thing \
Mrs. Rooney \
is it not?\
Yes, indeed, Mr. Slocum \
that is the great thing \
I don't know how you do it \
Ah these wasps!\
May I then offer you \
a seat, Madam?\
Oh that would be \
heavenly \
Mr. Slocum \
simply heavenly  \
But would I ever get in \
you look very \
high off the \
ground to-day, \
these new balloon \
tires, I presume...\
Does this roof\
never come off? \
No? \
No\
I'll never do it\
you'll have to get down \
Mr. Slocum \
and help me from \
the rear  \
What was that?  \
This is all \
your suggestion Sir\
drive on\
I'm coming, Mrs. Rooney \
I'm coming, give me time \
I'm as stiff as yourself\
Stiff! \
Well I like that! \
And me heaving all over \
back and front  \
The dry old reprobate!\
Now \
how shall we do this?\
As if I were a bale\
don't be afraid  \
That's the way!  \
Lower! \
Wait! \
No, don't let go! \
Suppose I do get up \
will I ever get down?\
You'll get down\
Mrs. Rooney\
you'll get down\
We may not get you up\
but I warrant you\
we'll get you down\
Oh! \
Lower! \
Don't be afraid! \
We're past the age when\
There!\
Now!\
Get your shoulder under it\
Oh!\
Oh glory!\
Up! Up!\
AM!\
I'm in! \
My frock!\
You've nipped my frock! \
My nice frock! \
Look what you've done to\
my nice frock! \
What will Dan say\
when he sees me?\
Has he then\
recovered his sight?\
No\
I mean when he knows\
what will he say when he\
feels the hole? \
What are you doing, Mr. Slocum?\
Gazing straight before me\
, Mrs. Rooney,\
through the windscreen\
into the void\
Start her up, I beseech you\
and let us be off\
This is awful!\
All morning she\
went like a\
dream\
and now she is\
dead\
That is what you get\
for a good deed\
Perhaps if I were to choke her \
She was getting too much air!\
Mind the hen!\
Oh mother, you have squashed her,\
drive on, drive on!\
What a death!\
One minute picking happy at the dung\
on the road, in the sun\
with now and then a dust bath\
b with now and then a dust bath and then\
and then\
--bang!--\
all her troubles over\
all the laying and the hatching\
Just one great squawk and then\
peace\
They would have\
slit her weasand\
in any case\
Here we are\
let me down\
What are you up to now\
Mr. Slocum?\
We are at a standstill\
all danger is past\
and you blow your horn\
Now if instead of\
blowing it now\
you had blown it at that\
unfortunate--\
Will you come down\
Tommy\
and help this lady out \
she's stuck\
Open the door\
Tommy\
and ease her out\
Certainly, Sir\
Nice day for the races, Sir\
What would you fancy for\
Don't mind me\
Don't take any notice of me\
I do not exist\
The fact is\
well known\
\
\
Tommy! Tommy! Where the hell is he?\
\
}